Support graceful Linux/Windows VM shutdown (#8470)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/index.html.markdown

~> **Note:** This does not affect the older `azurerm_virtual_machine` resource, which has its own flags for managing this within the resource.

* `graceful_shutdown` - (Optional) Should the `azurerm_linux_virtual_machine` and `azurerm_windows_virtual_machine` request a graceful shutdown when the Virtual Machine is destroyed? Defaults to `false`.

> ~> **Note:** The Azure platform cannot wait forever after [initiating a graceful shutdown](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/linux-and-graceful-shutdowns-2/). The platform will wait 5 minutes for the Virtual Machine to shut down gracefully, and if it is still running after that time it will power off the machine.

Reviewer: could we make this:

```suggestion
~> **Note:** When using a graceful shutdown, Azure gives the Virtual Machine a 5 minutes window in which to complete the shutdown process, at which point the machine will be force powered off - [more information can be found in this blog post](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/linux-and-graceful-shutdowns-2/).
```
